how are you everything yeah thank you
for having you thank you for coming your
name is storm is that really your name
yes that is my name on my birth
certificate RIA parents watching The
Weather Channel where you were born no I
think my mom was trying to think of a
name she wanted me to be a boy she found
out I was a girl so she was sitting in
the car and she looked over to my dad in
the driver's seat and she said okay I
think we've created a storm the the
combination of two of us but thankfully
I was a good storm
let's have siblings I do I have their
names yes I have two sisters and one
brother my oldest sister her name is
Paris my other sister Iman and then my
brother his name is Josh yeah it's like
your parents ran out of steam by the
time they got to so how old were you
when you started in acting doing this I
started when I was three so eight years
ago three years old here from our Lancer
I was born and raised in Atlanta Georgia
that's my home and then when did you
move to Los Angeles ah about eight years
ago so I've been here for a while but
I'll always miss Atlanta do you like
which would you like more la or prison
do you think you miss Atlanta do you
miss being at home I do especially
because my people are there my dad is
their grandparents cousins best friend
everyone's there but then the food is
also actually amazing yeah there's great
food in Atlanta so what do you miss
particularly because I'm always
interested in in this and I had I was in
Atlanta for a week once and I had some
excellent excellent meals I discovered
smoked chicken wings there which I'd
never had before
exactly Atlanta will give it all to you
um but I miss Waffle House I always get
simple but we don't have it here yeah
that I miss so much and then my uncle
actually owns a restaurant called burger
baby and when you pull up it's like in a
gas station so some people would be like
apprehensive going in but I know my
uncle I know that he like runs a very
clean business like surf and turf
burgers your mind will be blown wait
what is this in a surf and turf burger
so he has like a burger and then like
there's like bacon on it and then like
two pieces of shrimp one thing are you
kidding me oh good is it fried shrimp no
it's like sauteed shrimp really so good
I've never heard of such a thing if you
put Atlanta go-to burger baby you know
is there more than one no there's so
many yeah the whole list like you could
create your own burger he asked if you
want like steak sauce or like pineapple
he does chicken wings he does the whole
so you can go in there fill up on
unleaded and then get a surf-and-turf
version yeah we get your gas and your
burger I like that he's combined three
different animals in one little
hamburger - right by the way Mark
Wahlberg's family has a burger what are
the odds we would have two guests with
family burger chains on one show it's
miraculous energy it must be the energy
now you brought a video with us and this
is this is unusual because this is
something that you've been you figured
like hey one day I'm gonna be on a talk
show and I've got the video and how long
have you been holding on to this video
I've been holding on to this video since
2013 okay hold on to it I needed to find
the perfect talk show okay and I thought
why not you well I appreciate I know you
love to laugh so that's you know what
that's what a true thing they say about
me I thought you'd get a kick out of it
alright so setup what what we are going
to say okay so I was in South Africa
shooting an American Girl movie and you
know monkeys come with a territory over
there
I got used to that and it were actually
signs everywhere like in the hotel room
and even on set don't leave the windows
open but this particular day my hotel
room
had a patio and we left it cracked
mm-hmm and when we walked in it was a
mess
so the room was a mess you did not obey
the sign that said do not leave the I'm
in and I don't know I think we got hot
or something and then we like just
rushed out to like going into each other
with these herpes monkeys or were these
I hope now let's take a look here and at
this video that has been just did mommy
ever get her cookies replaced or no
those cookies were so good it reminds
you like a Girl Scout Samoa cookie and
we didn't get him back cuz it was one of
our last days there special order and
then he ate my sandwich it oh no
well you know what you have to expect
that when you get a Lion King theme
snack you know so tell me about
invisible men this is a very scary movie
are you nine I mentioned in the
introduction that you are really
technically too young to have Cena have
you seen the movie I have seen it I've
seen it twice okay but I think you have
to be like 17 to see an r-rated movie
yes Oh without a guardian Oh without the
Guardian without the Guardian I could be
wrong
but it is scary but I love that The
Invisible Man is yes genre piece but
we're talking about things that are
going on in the world right now like gas
lighting and domestic violence and I try
to be a part of purposeful projects I
think it's the intersection of both
things and it's and it's also fun to
watch right I mean because it's scary
and Elizabeth was here
she was talking about these guys in the
green screen who then Jude the guy
became invisible it seemed like you
could have just had no guy there though
right
I had no guy there you have no wife or
your yeah I had no distractions I worked
by myself it was a little bit more
challenging but I had to imagine that
unimaginable so as an actress I
appreciated it but then sometimes I was
like dang where's the guy with the
greens have you ever considered the
possibility that there were invisible
monkeys in that hotel room right no not
until now there could still be a monkey
in there it can be sitting right next to
you right now
thank you for freaking that video it was
well worth the wait
the Invisible Man opens in theaters
tomorrow storm read everybody thanks for
watching remember every time you click
the subscribe button one of your enemies
gets destroyed